[discuss] Add RFC README and template (#31650)
elastic/kibana: rfcs/README.md

# Kibana RFCs

> We are currently trialing a new RFC process for the Kibana Core team at this time.

> Many changes, including bug small to medium features, fixes, and documentation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many changes, including small to medium features, fixes, and documentation 
```

before it becomes a part of a released version of Kibana. Quite often, even
proposals that seem "obvious" can be significantly improved once a wider
group of interested people have a chance to weigh in.

The RFC process can also be helpful to encourage discussions about a proposed
feature as it is being designed, and incorporate important constraints into
the design while it's easier to change, before the design has been fully
implemented.

Some changes do not require an RFC:

  - Rephrasing, reorganizing or refactoring
  - Addition or removal of warnings
  - Additions that strictly improve objective, numerical quality
  criteria (speedup, better browser support)
  - Addition of features that do not impact other Kibana plugins (do not
  expose any API to other plugins)

## What the process is

In short, to get a major feature added to Kibana Core, one usually first gets
the RFC merged into the RFC tree as a markdown file. At that point the RFC
is 'active' and may be implemented with the goal of eventual inclusion
into Kibana.

* Fork the Kibana repo http://github.com/elastic/kibana
* Copy `rfcs/0000_template.md` to `rfcs/text/0000_my_feature.md` (where

> 'my_feature' is descriptive. Don't assign an RFC number yet).

Reviewer: When do we assign it a number? Is the number overkill? We'll probably end up referring to RFCs by their name anyway.

Author: I slightly prefer using numbers just to make sure what we're referencing is very clear. It's possible that some RFCs end up having similar names. In terms of when to assign the number, I think it'd be fine if we assign the number when we create the PR. It's unlikely we'll have conflicts with the size of our team.

Reviewer 2: How do I find the latest RFC number when I am creating an RFC?

* Fill in the RFC. Put care into the details: **RFCs that do not
present convincing motivation, demonstrate understanding of the
impact of the design, or are disingenuous about the drawbacks or
alternatives tend to be poorly-received**.
* Submit a pull request. As a pull request the RFC will receive design
feedback from the larger community and Elastic staff. The author should
be prepared to revise it in response.
* Build consensus and integrate feedback. RFCs that have broad support
are much more likely to make progress than those that don't receive any
comments.
* Eventually, the team will decide whether the RFC is a candidate
for inclusion in Kibana.
* RFCs that are candidates for inclusion in Kibana will enter a "final comment

> period" lasting 3 calendar days. The beginning of this period will be signaled with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
period" lasting at least 3 working days. The beginning of this period will be signaled with a
```

Most of the development happens while people are working, so we want to give folks enough time.
